PARAGRAPH
Georgia Nicholson (Georgia Groome) is a 14-year-old school girl who has many stresses in her life. She thinks her parents and little sister are embarrassing, that her nose is too big, and that she will never get a boyfriend. She is also trying to plan her fifteenth birthday party, wanting it to be cool and trendy, which is not what her parents have in mind. On the last day before the new school year, she attends a fancy dress party dressed as a stuffed olive, "to be original", but gets laughed at by the other party-goers, most of all by Georgia's rival, "Slaggy" Lindsay (Kimberley Nixon) - a pretty, blonde but spiteful, girl in the year above at Georgia's school.
On the first day of the school year, Georgia and her friends, Jas (Eleanor Tomlinson), Ellen (Manjeeven Grewal) and Rosie (Georgia Henshaw) spot two new brothers that have just moved to Eastbourne from London, fraternal twins Robbie (Aaron Johnson) and Tom. The girls all find the boys attractive, especially Georgia and Jas, who fancy Robbie and Tom respectively. The four girls follow the boys around Eastbourne as they explore the town with their friend Dave "the Laugh" (Tommy Bastow).
Georgia and Jas learn that the boys work in the local organic produce shop, and go there to buy some vegetables as a front for getting to know the boys. Whilst there, Georgia learns that Robbie is in a band, and that he also has a fondness for cats. On the way home, the girls dreamily talk about the boys, but then Robbie walks by with his arm around his girlfriend, who turns out to be Lindsay. Georgia and her friends spy on Lindsay through her bedroom window and learn that she wears a thong and stuffs her bra with chicken fillets to make her breasts appear bigger. Believing she has better to offer Robbie in terms of personality, Georgia then hatches a plan to get closer to Robbie. She pretends her cat, Angus, has gone missing, and asks Robbie for help finding him. The two get to know each other and talk about Robbie's band as they both look for the cat. In actuality, Jas has Angus on a leash, ready to set him loose in the park so Robbie can 'find' him, but she gets distracted by Tom playing football with his friends. Angus escapes and starts chasing a poodle, and Jas has to call Tom to help catch him. Robbie and Georgia catch up and Robbie fetches Angus from a nearby bush. Tom then asks Jas for her number, and the two soon begin dating.
Georgia returns home to find that her father has been offered a job in New Zealand, and he leaves soon after to see what the job and living out there would be like. During his absence, Georgia's mum hires a handsome builder called Jem to re-do the living room, and begins to spend increasingly longer periods of time with him, making Georgia worried as to the state of her parents marriage.
In an attempt to appear more mature for Robbie, Georgia visits the house of a boy at her school, Peter, for "snogging lessons". He is impressed by her "natural talent", and becomes infatuated with her. When Georgia and her friends get invited to a party, Peter attempts to dance with her, before leading her outside and trying to kiss her, in the process knocking her into a bush and landing on top of her, accidentally pulling up her skirt and exposing her underwear. Robbie, Lindsay, Jas and Tom arrive, and see Peter trying to kiss Georgia with her skirt around her waist. Lindsay mocks Georgia's underwear and Georgia leaves, assuming Robbie now thinks she and Peter have something going on.
The next day, Tom invites Jas to go swimming with him and Robbie. Georgia plans to meet them at the pool, bringing her little sister along as she was asked to babysit her. While in the pool, Georgia attempts to impress Robbie by doing an underwater handstand, forgetting that she had attempted to apply a self-tan on her legs, which has resulted in her legs becoming bright orange. When Robbie points this out, she is initially embarrassed, but Robbie leans in and kisses her. Georgia is ecstatic, but Robbie then leaves, claiming that he has to "sort some things out" but that he will phone Georgia later.
Georgia waits for Robbie's phone call but gets frustrated when she doesn't hear from him. She also frets that her party will be a disaster, especially since learning that Lindsay has changed the date of her own party to the same day as Georgia's. Her mum goes to comfort her in her room, and lends her the book Men Are from Mars, Women Are from Venus, stating that she is still trying to figure boys out, referencing Georgia's father. The doorbell rings and Georgia assumes it is Robbie, but it is in fact Peter with a bunch of flowers. He tries to kiss her again, but she tells him the two of them can't be in a relationship. When he asks why, Georgia panics and blurts out "Because I'm a lesbian!"
A while later, Georgia is in the library and is asked by Dave the Laugh if she is really a lesbian. He gestures to a morose Peter, who is being comforted by a group of girls. Georgia shakes her head no, to which Dave appears relieved and mentions that Robbie said that he knew 'for sure' that Georgia was not gay. Georgia is put out that Robbie is still talking about her to his friends, but won't talk to her directly. She hatches another plan from the book that her mum gave her, which is to make Robbie jealous by inviting Dave to a gig for Robbie's band, The Stiff Dylans. Georgia reckons that by ignoring Robbie and having fun with Dave, Robbie will realize his feelings for her and "spring back" to her like an elastic band. Robbie sees Georgia with Dave at the gig and tries to talk to her, but is discouraged by Lindsay.
At school, Dave is ignoring Georgia, and when she confronts him he reveals he knows about her plan to use him in order to win Robbie back. He also reveals that both Tom and Robbie know as well, after Jas spilled the beans. Georgia is furious with Jas and they have an argument, resulting in them breaking friends. Robbie approaches Georgia after school, and tells her he was initially gutted when he saw her at the gig with Dave, but "that's different now". He then leaves her, and Georgia is left friendless.
Georgia follows her mum and Jem to their salsa dancing group, and after seeing the two together, she thinks her mum is falling for Jem in her father's absence. She then goes to her dad's job and tearfully talks to the receptionist about how everything at home is falling apart since her dad left, and she asks if her dad could come back to England, though she is left with the impression that this is unlikely to happen. Feeling like there is no point in staying in England, Georgia decides that it would be best to move to New Zealand. She starts a plan to better herself before the move out there, by eating healthily, practising yoga, listening to dolphin sounds and reading Sudoku puzzles instead of gossip magazines. Before she leaves, she goes to the beach for a walk, knowing that Robbie would be there. She apologizes to him, saying that whilst she was hurt that he didn't call when he said he would, she admits she was immature and acted out of order by using Dave. Robbie then tells her that he dumped Lindsay the night before, and that whilst he thinks Georgia's "mad", he admits that he still likes her. The two end up walking hand-in-hand across the beach.
On the morning of Georgia's birthday, her mum and sister enter her room with a birthday cake and card, in which there is quite a bit of money. Her mum suggests she buys herself something nice to wear for that evening, and reveals she is taking Georgia out dancing in a proper club. Georgia is grateful but apprehensive, as this was not what she had in mind for her birthday. They arrive at the nightclub which initially appears to be dead, but when the lights turn on it is revealed that it is a surprise fifteenth birthday party, organised by Georgia's mum with help from Jas. She is greeted by all her friends and her family, with Jas and Georgia befriending each other again. As a surprise, Georgia's father returns from New Zealand and greets her with a hug. He reveals that his boss was impressed and touched by Georgia coming to his work to ask for him to come home, and as such offered him a "great new position" here in Eastbourne. Georgia also finds out that Jem was not in fact doing up the living room, but was the boyfriend of the man who owned the nightclub, and had been helping Georgia's mum organise the party. Georgia is overjoyed, especially when The Stiff Dylans set up on stage and perform the song "Ultraviolet", which Robbie had written about Georgia. Everyone is dancing and having a good time, when the music suddenly cuts to reveal Lindsay, who has gatecrashed Georgia's party because no one had turned up to her own. She insults Georgia in front of everyone, and gives Robbie an ultimatum - he either chooses her, or Georgia. Robbie pulls Georgia up on stage and declares he loves Georgia, leaving Lindsay fuming. Georgia's friends then join them on stage, and Jas loudly proclaims that "Obviously, Robbie prefers his girls 'un-fake'!" before plunging her hands into Lindsay's bra and removing the chicken fillets. Humiliated, Lindsay leaves, and Robbie and Georgia kiss.
Georgia then narrates how she is very happy with her life - she has wonderful friends, her parents are happily still together, and she no longer needs to worry about looking perfect as she has the perfect boyfriend. The film ends with Robbie and Georgia walking along the Eastbourne seafront arm in arm.


QUESTIONS
q: What is the name of Robbie's band?
a: ['The Stiff Dylans']

q: What song do the Stiff Dylans perform?
a: ['"Ultraviolet"']

q: What is Georgia's cat's name?
a: ['angus']

q: Where does Georgia decide to move?
a: ['New Zealand with her father']

q: Where does Georgia apologize to Robbie?
a: ['the beach']

q: Who does Georgia bring to the pool?
a: ['Her little sister']

