PARAGRAPH
Recent engineering graduate Sam Walczak (Mischa Barton) travels to the middle of nowhere to supervise demolition of the mysterious Malestrazza Building. She soon comes face to face with the horrifying secrets of the building and its past inhabitants, many of whom were entombed alive within the walls of the pristine building by its obsessed architect. As Sam begins to unravel the clandestine details of the architect's life and his astonishing building, she is drawn into the dark and frightening reality which forces her to accept her own dark past and turn the tables before she becomes the last victim.
Deborah Kara Unger, Cameron Bright, and Noam Jenkins costar. [D-Man2010]Sam Walczak (Mischa Barton), is a recent engineering graduate. At her graduation party, her father, an owner of a demolition company, gives her a gift: a job supervision the demolition of a building in the middle of nowhere. If she's sucessful, she will become his partner. Sam arrives at the Malestrazza Building (named after its architect), and is greeted by Mary (Deborah Unger), the caretaker who tells here that she will be staying on one of the apartments in the buildinga and that she is to stay off of the eighth floor and the roof. Jimmy (Cameron Bright), the caretaker's teenage son, takes her bags to her apartment.Sam asks about the buidling and Mary is suprised that Sam is not aware of the buildings history and that it's better that she does not know. Sam is curious and while at the local store she looks on the internet and finds that the Malestrazza Building was a crime scene were 16 bodies where found entombed in the walls. Since Sam knows the story about the building, Jimmy takes here to the eight floor and tells here the story. Malestrazza's mistake was taking the girl scene at the beginning of the movie. The girl had a puppy and when the police went to question the architect the puppy darted into his apartment and lead the police to a wall. They found the little girl in the wall. Jimmy is now that puppy's owner. The police then locate 15 additonal bodies in the walls of the eighth floor. Mary (the caretaker) and her husband were also residents of the apartment building. Mary had to identify her husband whose face was ripped of by the concrete while she was pregnant with Jimmy. The arrested a disgruntled factory worker for the murders. The lights go out in the abandoned eighth floor and Sam hurts her leg. In the bathroom, Jimmy cleans her wound and then begins feeling her thigh. Sam asks what he is doing and he realizes his error and stops.Sam has nightmares about being entombed in the walls.Sam's boyfriend arrives and admires the building. The arrival of Sam's boyfriend upsets Jimmy. Sam and Jimmy have an argument and Jimmy says that after she finishes her report she'll leave and forget all about him. To which she replies that she would not. As Sam and her boyfriend, explore the 8th floor they, secretly watch Mary at that place were her husband's body was found. They eventually talk to Mary and when she leaves the apartment they are both locked in. Looking for a way out they find a passage way that is not on the blueprints. The travel down the corridor and notice the walls have window that allow a person to look into all the apartments. Sam realizes that Jimmy was watching her while she was in the bathroom and is upset. They eventually land in a different part of the building and move a false wall where they enter the garbage room and see an exit sign. Mary opens the door and asks if they are done looking through peoples garbage.Later that evening, Sam and her boyfriend are in her room having sex. Jimmy is on the other side of the wall listening and feeling distraught. Sam stops in the middle and is worried aware that Jimmy might be there. Sam's boyfriend calms her fears and continues, while Jimmy is behind the wall in agony that Sam is with someone else.
The next day they wake up and find Jimmy's butchered dog in their apartment. Sam's boyfriend thinks Jimmy killed the dog and wants to leave.As they were about to leave, Jimmy gives Sam a gift, Malestrazza's journal which talks about the design of the building and his theories. The building was like the egyptian pyramids (hence the corridors not on the blueprints), she also realizes that that is why the building has so much space in the middle and that there is something in the center where light can show all the way down to the basement. Jimmy tells her that he is going to go to the roof to find the light source she is talking about. When Jimmy doesn't return, Sam and her boyfriend go to the roof. They find the part of the buidling she was looking for, a whole in the roof or shaft that leads straight down to the basement. Sam realizes that Jimmy must have known about this and is about to leave when she hears Jimmy call out that he fell down the whole and is hurt and needs Sam to come down and help him. Sam is eventually lowered down the hole by her boyfriend, but at the halfway point her boyfriend is show with some sort of weapon that looks like a pointed long steel rod. He leans over the hole holding the rope as he bleeds down the whole and all over Sam who gets frightened and lets go of the rope and is now hanging upside down as her dead boyfriend bleeds all over her clothes and body.Jimmy then drives Sam's car to mail her demolition report and then sinks her car into a lake.Sam awakens in the basement area naked but covered with blankets. She sees a man sitting with a lamp on. Sam is finds her clothes and puts them on. She asks the man who he is, but he says that she already knows. She figures out that he is Malestrazza. He plays the tape for her of Jimmy asking for help. Jimmy is keeping her down there with Malestrazza until she learns to love him. Sam also learns that Malestrazza was the mastermind behind the murders and is dumbfounded tha people beleive that a factory worker could concote such a scheme of entombing people. She keeps asking about her boyfriend and Malestrazza tries to tell her that he is dead by cutting his arm and saying one mark for every soul. He also tells her that if he does what Jimmy wants that Jimmy is nice, but can be very cruel and imaginative when he disobeys Jimmy's orders.Later, Jimmy asks his mother when do you know when someone else's loves you. Mary says that you know when the person is willling to sacrafice everything (or there life) for the other person. He then says is that why you sacraficed your son for a dead man.Jimmy is back at the whole and sends down a cassette tape. Malestrazza plays the tape and Jimmy says that he wants to see same and Malestrazza dance. Sam reluctantly dances, but when Jimmy tells them to kiss. Malestrazza smiles showing Sam his blackened teeth and she protests. Malestrazza pulls her close and forces her to kiss him. After a few seconds Jimmy tells them to stop and threatens Malestrazza not to touch Sam again. Jimmy then sends down a basket with food, water and a two-way radio. He tells same to keep the radio with her so that they can talk and be close.Sam looks for a way to escape and realize one wall leads to the garbage area. When Jimmy returns, she lies and says that she is hurt and needs medicine. She talks about the time when Jimmy bandaged up her knee and claims that she enjoyed that time and there time together, but that in order to show him all that she can do for him she needs to get out. Sam walks to the center of the room and tell him that this is for him and she removes her shirt. Jimmy looks down and leans back. Sam gets her medicine. She opens the capsules and starts creating a mix to try and blow out the wall to get into the garabage room. Sam's attempt fails and Jimmy is upset that she tried to escape.Before Jimmy could exact his punishment, his mother Mary, catches him. Mary realizes that Sam is in the hole with Malestrazza. Mary tells Jimmy that that place was for the architect not anyone else. She realizes that Sam must stay in the hole with Malestrazza or else they'll take her away and Jimmy will be an orphan.Sam is stuck in the whole with Malestrazza who she realizes does not want to escape. This is his tomb and he picked her to kill him. She eventually does kill him after some taunting by Malestrazza and he thanks her after he falls into his tomb and it begins to fill with cement. Sam is next by the wall hoping that Jimmy will come through and save her.The demolition team arrives and her father asks where Sam is. Mary tells him that she left. Her father says that he thought she would want to see her first building demolished. Mary is keeping Jimmy calm as they set up and being to install the explosives. As the countdown beings, Jimmy starts saying Sam and then screams her name and runs toward the building. Sam's father tells them to stop the countdown. At the roof Jimmy looks down and her father asks what have done. Jimmy then throws himself over and lands next to Sam. Sam is lifted out of the hole and put in an ambulance.Sam narrates that the Malestrazza built 16 buidling all of which are still standing. He considered the Malestrazza building his masterpiece.


QUESTIONS
q: Who greets Sam at the Malestrazza Building?
a: ['Mary']

q: What is Malestrazza's profession?
a: ['Architect']

q: What does Jimmy do to Sams car?
a: ['Sinks her car into a lake.']

q: Who is a recent engineering graduate?
a: ['Sam']

q: What type of company does Sam's father own?
a: ['Demolition company,']

q: What does Jimmy send down the hole so they can talk?
a: ['two way radio']

q: Where is Sam?
a: ['Trapped in the center of the building']

q: Who spied on Sam?
a: ['Jimmy']

q: Who are Sam and Malestrazza trapped there by?
a: ['By Jimmy']

q: Who does Jimmy want to see dance?
a: ['Sam', 'sam and malestrazza']

q: Who is in the hole with Malestrazza?
a: ['Sam']

q: Who brings Sam the medicine and is later upset at an escape attempt?
a: ['Jimmy is upset']

q: Who is the mastermind behind the murders?
a: ['Malestrazza']

q: What type of animal did Sammy kill?
a: ['dog']

q: What is the relationship between Jimmy and Mary?
a: ['Mother and Son', "Mary is Jimmy's mother"]

q: What was the name of the journal Jimmy gives Sam?
a: ["Malestrazza's journal", 'Sam']

q: Who claims to be hurt and asks for medicine?
a: ['Sam says she is hurt and needs medicine.']

q: Who is with Sam when she awakens?
a: ['Malestrazza']

q: What did Malestrazza build 27 of?
a: ['buildings']

q: What happens to Sams boyfriend?
a: ['He is shot and killed', 'He dies']

