PARAGRAPH
It is the year 2018 and the Chinese government has announced its first manned mission to the Moon in twenty four hoursfour years ahead of schedule. Within moments of this news, a secretly built second generation space shuttle launches from Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Ohio to Cape Canaveral in Florida initiating the unraveling of a worldwide cover-up that began when Apollo 11 discovered a domed installation on the Moon in 1969.On the occurrence of these events, Cedric Yonah, the 35- year-old leader of the mysterious twelve member Synedrion Council, calls a meeting to ascertain the actions of the Chinese and Americans. With an imperative to gain intelligence, he sends two of his people to Cape Canaveral for an inspection of the S.S. Constitution space shuttle and orders the rest to meet with government officials, while privately warning his close friend Elisabeth Seward, this cant be another Apollo. As Cedric prepares to exit the council chambers, a voice reminds him that he is the common maternal ancestor.With this carefully orchestrated cover-up unraveling at lightening speed, Prime Minister Allison Colby issues the code word Argonaut 2 for imminent threat to planetary security. Established by President Richard Nixon at the end of manned missions to the Moon in 1972, the code immediately orders the heads of state of Russia, the United States and Great Britain to meet in secret.As United States President Robert Anderson is en route to Great Britain for his first briefing on Apollo 11s discovery of an alien presence in our solar system, covert military forces led by General Reager of Space Command begin implementing orders that have been in place for the last forty five yearsto stop any future manned missions to the Moon.Returning from Great Britain, President Anderson realizes these covert operatives lie primarily in his own government; operatives that plan to launch a world war to protect Earth from the inhabitants of a distant world that have infiltrated our way of life since recorded time.When Cedric learns that the people he sent to Cape Canaveral have disappeared and that that Earths military forces can now detect their exact presence, he places the order for Exodus.As government and business leaders begin to disappear off the planet, the Vatican considers the impact the discoveries by Apollo will have on six billion people, while President Anderson confronts his own military by ordering the shuttle grounded and the arrest of as many insurgents as possible.But it is through the eyes of Elisabeth Seward, the Secretary of State, that we gain insight into the coming of a new world order. With historical evidence pointing her origins dating back to the Presidency of Abraham Lincoln and Cedric representing the genetic line of apostolic succession through Saint Peter, the distant past will soon collide with the present as leaders of faith, governments and militaries race to reveal that mankind has never been alone.[Note: the short film version listed on IMDB is a 25 min. summary of the above synopsis from the feature length version of First World written by Mark Lund.]


QUESTIONS
q: when did President Richard Nixon end manned missions to the Moon?
a: ['1972']

q: when does First World commence?
a: ['1969']

q: who discovered civilization on the moon?
a: ['Apollo 11']

