PARAGRAPH
On their way home from a family party, David (Luke Wilson) and Amy Fox, (Kate Beckinsale) who are on the verge of divorce after a family tragedy drove them apart, take a wrong turn on a remote mountain road. When their car breaks down, they discover there is no cell phone reception and start walking back to a motel across the street from an auto repair garage where they had stopped because the car was making noises. Oddly, when they arrive, there are no cars in the parking lot. At the Office, they hear piercing screams coming from the back room. The motel manager, Mason (Frank Whaley), appears and explains that the noises are coming from the television. They book a room for the night.
In their room, the couple hear loud and insistent banging on their door and on the door to the adjacent room. They also receive anonymous phone calls, despite being told by Mason they are the only people staying there. David notifies Mason of the situation, and he says he'll take care of it. Back in the room, a bored David takes a peek at the video tapes left on top of the television. At first, they appear to be horror movies; but, after careful observation, he realizes they are snuff films that were made in that very room. David searches the room, finding hidden cameras, and concludes they are being watched by Mason from the office.
In the bathroom, the couple is amazed to find the apple Amy left in the car. They flee the room and head for the woods, but two men dressed in blue and wearing masks stop them, so they return to the room and lock the door. David runs to the motel's payphone and dials 9-1-1, but Mason answers. David escapes the phone booth just before the men crash their car into it and chase him back to his room.
Back in the room, David and Amy hear a truck pull into the parking lot. From the window, they attract the driver's (Mark Casella) attention, but Mason and the men in masks appear behind him; and the couple realize he is a part of it and is there to buy the snuff films. David and Amy discover a tunnel from a trapdoor in the bathroom, which the men must have used to leave the apple. They follow it to the manager's office, where they find video monitors taping the entire motel. Amy calls the police, but she's interrupted by Mason before she can give the Dispatcher any useful information, leaving the phone off the hook.
Followed by two of the masked men, the couple sneak back into the tunnel and take a different route underground, ending up in the auto garage across the lot from the motel. They hold the trapdoor down with heavy items. Meanwhile, a Sheriff's Deputy (David Doty) responding to Amy's call arrives. Mason offers to show the officer around, but he leaves to fetch a different set of keys while the officer continues to search. He finds tapes in one of the rooms and, realizing the nature of the hotel, flees. David and Amy run to him, and they all get inside the police car. They find the engine wire has been cut; and, when the officer gets out to check under the hood, he is killed by the masked men and the couple flee into one of the other motel rooms.
David hides Amy inside the ceiling, and attempts to venture out alone to get a revolver gun that was in Mason's office, but the killers surprise and stab David before he can leave, and he ends up collapsing in the doorway, seen by Amy who breaks down in tears. In the morning, Amy comes down and finds the killers' car. As she drives away, a killer breaks into the car from the sun roof and, in her effort to fend him off while driving, crashes the car into the motel, killing her attacker as well as another one of the masked men, revealed to be the gas station attendant (Ethan Embry) who "helped" the couple earlier with their car troubles, as he is crushed against the front of the car. Amy runs into the reception area where she finds the revolver. In an effort to reach the revolver, an apoplectic Mason strangles her with a telephone cord that he took out of the phone in his office. As they fight, Mason beats her severely. But in his effort to get a good final shot with his hand-held digital video camera, Amy fights back, and Mason ends up throwing her within reach of the revolver she had dropped, and she shoots him three times, fatally wounding. Amy immediately runs to David to find that he is still alive, but seriously in need of help. She searches Mason's body carefully for the telephone cord he had used to strangle her, calls 911 again and returns to comfort David while they wait for the police.


QUESTIONS
q: Where does David hide Amy?
a: ['In the ceiling']

q: How did Ami kill the motel manager?
a: ['revolver gun']

q: Who is Amy on her way home with?
a: ['David']

q: Who makes a call to 911?
a: ['david']

q: How many times does Amy shoot Mason?
a: ['3 times']

q: What did Ami and David find in the motel?
a: ['Finds hidden cameras']

q: Who gets stabbed near the end and looses consciousness?
a: ['David']

q: Who beats Amy severely?
a: ['Mason']

