PARAGRAPH
The film begins with three furry aliens--the blue Mac (Goldblum), the yellow Zeebo (Wayans), and the red Wiploc (Carrey)--traveling in a space ship. It's been a long time since they've had female companionship, and they receive a broadcast showing human females. They are titillated by these "hairless", shapely creatures and discover that the broadcast came from Earth, so they set off toward Earth and Southern California.
Valley Girl Valerie Gail (Davis) is a manicurist at the "Curl Up &amp; Dye" hair salon. When she feels her cold fiancé Dr. Ted Gallagher (Charles Rocket) is slipping away, she decides to seduce him with a new look; by dressing up in a white corset, suspenders, underwear, stockings and pink high heels. Instead, she catches him cheating on her with his nurse. She kicks him out, smashes his stuff and refuses to see him again. The next day, she is sunbathing when the aliens' spaceship crash lands in her pool. She befriends them and calls her friend Woody (Michael McKean) to come and drain the pool so the aliens can work on their ship and get it flying again. Meanwhile, she brings them into her home; and, though there is a language barrier at first, the aliens prove to be quick learners and absorb American pop culture and language by watching television.
Wanting them to blend in to their surroundings, Valerie takes them to her friend Candy Pink (Brown, co-writer and co-producer) at the salon. After shaving off the aliens' fur, they turn out to be human looking and attractive. They all go out; and party at Los Angeles nightclubs where their looks, athleticism and incredibly long tongues soon make them the envy of every female in the place. Valerie and Mac begin to fall for each other and go back to Valerie's place. There, they find out that they are anatomically compatible and make love.
The next day the pool is drained, and Zeebo and Wiploc are working on their ship when Woody stops by and offers to take them to the beach. They agree; and, after accidentally holding up a convenience store, Zeebo and Wiploc are soon driving down the L.A. Freeway the wrong way, in reverse, with the police in pursuit.
Mac finds out his crew mates are in trouble and goes to help and gets arrested along with Woody in a case of mistaken identity. Valerie smashes the police vehicle to get arrested, too, so she can go with Mac.
The police pursuit ends in a crash, and Zeebo and Wiploc are taken to the Emergency Room at the local hospital. There, they are examined by Ted, who discovers they have two hearts. While he is envisioning achieving fame and fortune from his discovery, Valerie and Mac elude the police and enter the E.R. disguised as a doctor and a nurse; they manage to convince Ted he is delusional. They then escape back to Valerie's place where work continues on the space ship. Meanwhile, Valerie and Ted reconcile and plan to go to Las Vegas to get married right away.
Mac is heartbroken and prepares the ship for take-off. Valerie comes out to say good-bye, followed by Ted, who discovers the ship. While she is struggling to keep him from calling the authorities, Valerie comes to the realization that it's really Mac she loves. She gets in the ship, and off they head into the sky.


QUESTIONS
q: What is the main female character's name?
a: ['Valerie Gail']

q: Who plays Valerie?
a: ['Geena Davis']

q: What state does the move take place in?
a: ['California']

