PARAGRAPH
Seventh-day Adventist Church pastor Michael Chamberlain (Sam Neill), his wife Lindy (Meryl Streep), their two sons, and their nine-week-old daughter Azaria are on a camping holiday trip in the Outback. With the baby sleeping in their tent, the family is enjoying a barbecue with their fellow campers when a cry is heard. Lindy returns to the tent to check on Azaria and is certain she sees a dingo with something in its mouth running off as she approaches. When she discovers the infant is missing, everyone joins forces to search for her, without success. It is assumed what Lindy saw was the animal carrying off the child, and a subsequent inquest rules her account of events is true.
The tide of public opinion soon turns against the Chamberlains. For many, Lindy seems too stoic, too cold-hearted, and too accepting of the disaster that has befallen her. Gossip about her begins to swell and soon is accepted as statements of fact. The couple's beliefs are not widely practised in the country, and when the media report a rumour that the name Azaria means "sacrifice in the wilderness" (when in fact it means "blessed of God"), the public is quick to believe they decapitated their baby with a pair of scissors as part of a bizarre religious rite. Law-enforcement officials find new witnesses, forensics experts, and circumstantial evidence—including a small wooden coffin Michael uses as a receptacle for his parishioners' packs of un-smoked cigarettes—and reopen the investigation, eventually charging Lindy with murder. Seven months pregnant, she ignores her attorneys' advice to play on the jury's sympathy and appears emotionless on the stand, convincing onlookers she is guilty of the crime of which she is accused. As the trial progresses, Michael's faith in his religion and his belief in his wife disintegrate, and he stumbles through his testimony, suggesting he is concealing the truth. In October 1982, Lindy is found guilty and sentenced to life imprisonment with hard labour, while Michael is found guilty as an accessory and given an 18-month suspended sentence.
More than three years later, while searching for the body of an English tourist who fell from Uluru, police discover a small item of clothing that is identified as the jacket Lindy had insisted Azaria was wearing over her jumpsuit, which had been recovered early in the investigation. She is immediately released from prison, the case is reopened and all convictions against the Chamberlains overturned.


QUESTIONS
q: How does Linday appear on the stand?
a: ['appears emotionless on the stand']

q: What is the name of Sam Neill's character?
a: ['Michael Chamberlain']

q: When is Lindy found guilty and sentenced to prison?
a: ['October 1982']

q: What was Michael found guilty as?
a: ['an accessory to murder']

q: What does Lindy see when she returns to the tent?
a: ['A dingo with something in its mouth']

q: Who plays Lindy?
a: ['Meryl Streep']

q: How many children do Michael and Lindy have?
a: ['3']

q: What is the name Azaria mistakenly believed to mean?
a: ['sacrifice in the wilderness']

q: Where is Michael Chamberlain and his family camping?
a: ['the Outback']

q: What do they hear when they are enjoying their barbecue?
a: ['A cry']

q: Who was released from prison?
a: ['Lindy Chamberlain']

q: Who is too stoic and cold-hearted?
a: ['Lindy Chamberlain']

q: What punishment is given to Michael?
a: ['he is given an 18-month suspended sentence']

q: Where does the public opinion turn against?
a: ['Against the Chamberlains']

q: What is the name of Michael and Lindy's daughter?
a: ['Azaria']

q: What is Michael's family enjoying with the other campers?
a: ['A barabeque']

q: What did the police discover while searching for the body of am English tourist?
a: ["Azaria's Jacket"]

q: How far along pregnant is Lindy?
a: ['Seven Months']

