PARAGRAPH
Everyday comes with a new beginning....Everyday has a new surprise...Every day has its own new story...The story has its own character... sometimes these characters are known to each other or at times they are unknown absolute strangers. The story is about the, about what happen to them, with them... they might have a partnership... might have a fight.... they might meet for a new beginning... or might meet to end a relationship.Yet it is absolutely like how we face life everyday and come across surprises that it has in store for us.The story of our film also talks about such a surprise where two strangers, a girl and a boy who meet each other one fine and then all the things that keep happening with them after they meet... and how they cope up with each other. Yes cope up with each other.It's not as simple as it looks because the girl happens to be from Mumbai and apparently she meets this boy from Pune in Pune.Mumbai and Pune share a love hate relationship... either one has a say towards each others existence... and hence this boy and girl have a say about each other and about the place they belong.Situations compels them to be with each other and have the maximum amount of disrespect towards each other yet how they end up spending the whole day together by tolerating each other....Its a smile film.... it has its inbuilt humour that will tickle every marathi audience who knows the relationship that Mumbai and Pune share.. and will be in for a surprise when they gradually will learn that this is a story of a boy who meets a girl and fall in love with each other... Yes its a love story that evolves in two absolute strangers who have.Its fun to see how life surprises these two and how love just happens...
Come fall in love with the two in a journey called life that is full of surprises....
Mumbai Pune Mumbai...Detailed Synopsis :The story begins with Mukta Barve (the character does not have a name in the movie) arriving in Pune to meet this guy with whom her mother intends to get her married. She has the boys address written down on a note and a mobile number. But she forgets to recharge her mobile battery the previous night which compels her to find his address on her own without any assistance from the boy had she had called on his mobile number asking for directions. She gets off the rickshaw and walks towards a group of young children playing cricket. She asks for directions for the address she is looking for to Swapnil Joshi (even his character does not have a name in the movie) which causes his concentration to lapse and he gets clean bowled by the bowler. He tells her the directions in the typical Puneite manner which she doesnt happen to like it much for she has a bit trouble understanding the same language spoken differently in two major cities of Maharashtra. She says she would manage on her own and walks off. Eventually she reaches on the address to find the house was locked. She returns and walks into a shop to make a call to her friend. At the same time Swapnil and another boy walks into the shop to buy a ball. She asks Swapnil what was he doing there and he answers her back that he'd come there to have his beard shaved. She gets displeased a bit over this funny answer and walks out of the shop. He follows her and asks her whether she found the address. She tells she did but that the house was locked and the neighbor slammed the door on her face saying that she didnt know where the people in the house have gone. She makes a remark over the woman's behavior as "We should learn how to insult someone from the people in Pune." Swapnil goes defensive with his city saying that "This is the busy time for women who work in the house. So it is but natural to insult someone who appears on your door at a time like this." (Note - People who belong to Pune city do not like their city to be berated as they are proud of their city) Then she asks him whether there was any coffee shop around, on which he goes back to his Puneite manner to answer when she abruptly gesticulates him with her hand to stop and says that she would manager on her own. As she was looking for a rickshaw to hail, Swapnil comes on his bike and offers her help to drop her off as far as the coffee shop. She thinks he is trying to flirt with her and asks him the same but he completely denies it and says it is just a gesture of help to a girl who is going around in the heated sun looking for an address. She theorizes that she'd better accept his help lest she should have trouble finding the coffee shop and rides on his bike on the back seat to the coffee shop. At the coffee shop she gets off his bike and says thanks and starts to walk away into the coffee shop when he makes a remark that that's what he calls "being ungrateful." She asks him to explain himself. He explains that after having helped her so much, she doesnt even bother to offer him a glass of water. Over which she says "Are you sure that you are not flirting with me?" He again denies and goes back to appreciate the Puneite culture which obliges him to offer help to a girl like her in so-called trouble. She reluctantly invites him over a cup of coffee.Inside the coffee shop they start to make conversation. Swapnil learns that she's come here to meet the guy whom her mother wants her to meet for marriage proposal. He also learns that she is not interested in this 'marriage institution.' And that she has only come here to respect her mothers wish and she is going to visit his house again and turn him down. Now she has no other alternative than to wait out until the evening as the house was locked. Over the course of conversation they find out that they have difference of opinion on the subject of marriage. When their conversation ends he starts to walk out when she bluntly says that she would not pay the bill of his coffee. She says that they should pay for their coffees respectively. He startles over this and says that he does not have any money on him. She makes an indifferent gesture and says that she would only pay for her coffee and he is on his own. He sits down at the table urging her to pay his coffee bill for the moment and he would pay it back after a while. She asks him how is he going to do that and he replies that he's got an ATM card. She asks him whether he's got any money in it and he answers madly that he does. He offers her to keep his expensive watch as insurance until he repays her her money back. He withdraws money and gives her back. He sarcastically tells her that she is very good at keeping accounts and she must be a chartered accountant the way she handled the situation. She replies that she is a fashion designer and not a chartered accountant. That gives him an excuse to continue the conversation and asks her what's her opinion about the fashion of Pune is, stretching his both hands horizontally anticipating she would make an excellent remark over it. Instead she says that Pune is not that much mature about fashion. He argues over this and shows her few of his ornaments says that those particular things have originated in Pune. So, their conversation continues until they reach the basement where he'd parked his bike. As he was about to leave she asks where Sarasbaug or something is, over which he gets displeased again as he didn't happen to like the way she mentioned "Sarasbaug or something." It gets underlined that he is proud of everything about his city that he didn't like the way she formed her question. The incident gives them another excuse to be with each other and they go to visit Sarasbaug together.Further in the movie they go on to explore few well known places of Pune. In one of the scenes, they lose the sight of each other in the immense crowd and Swapnil thinks that Mukta's lost. He gets uneasy and desperately begins to look for her in the crowd and eventually manages to find her out. During this time Mukta spots Swapnil to have gotten to be restless when he fails to locate her in the crowd. Then she realizes that Swapnil has developed a thing for her and she gets pleased with that. They again begin their conversation. Afterwards, she gets completely angry over his senseless questions when she had got off the phone talking with someone and she tells him she needs to go to a place to cool her head. Then they go to Sinhgad (a fort) on his bike. While strolling on the fort they inadvertently begin to open up with each other about their love life and they get to know each others opinions about the subject. She finds out that Swapnil is very emotional though he doesnt look like. They unknowingly develop a friendship being with each other almost all day. As the evening draws nearer, they begin to return to the Pune station where Mukta is supposed to board the train back to Mumbai.The climax of the movie reveals that Swapnil is the boy who she was supposed to meet in the morning. However, he tactfully disguises this thing from her in order to know her better informally. When he reveals the same thing to her, she gets a pleasant shock of surprise. In the happy end, they like each other and she boards the train back to Mumbai and says that she will let him know her decision once she talks this over with her mother. (which will definitely be positive is understandable)Most of the Indian wedding used to fall into arranged marriage category in the days gone by. However, as the new generation is seen to be inclined towards western culture over the past two decades, this ritual has seemed to be fading away. This story can be summarized as "Its the marriage which ultimately ended up being a love marriage which was supposed to have been an arranged marriage."


QUESTIONS
q: Where does the girl ask for directions to the first time?
a: ['Pune', 'Sarasbaug']

q: Who did Hridaymardyam meet?
a: ['Barve']

q: Who receives a call from hridaymardyam?
a: ['In the story Mukta Barve calls her friend.', 'Mumbai', 'Barve']

q: Where does the boy give the girl a ride to?
a: ['coffee shop', 'Sinhgad']

q: When is the train due to leave?
a: ['15 minutes']

q: What is Joshi's pseudonym?
a: ['Swapnil', 'Pune', 'Mumbai']

q: How does she leave Joshi?
a: ['By Rickshaw']

q: What does she ask Joshi to do?
a: ['Tell her the location of the address']

q: Whose pseudonym is "Mumbai"?
a: ['Barve', 'Joshi', 'Mukta Barve']

q: What makes her wait for her boyfriend?
a: ['No charge in her cell phone']

q: Who doesn't want to marry Hridaymardyam?
a: ['Barve']

q: What do they share?
a: ['Coffee']

q: Who left the note?
a: ['Barve']

q: What did Hridaymardyam ask Pune?
a: ['her to return his mobile handset', 'for his phone']

q: Who cannot start his bike?
a: ['Pune']

q: Where is the girl from?
a: ['Pune', 'Mumbai']

q: What is the girl's answer to the guy's marriage proposal?
a: ['No']

