PARAGRAPH
Bittoo Sharma (Ranveer Singh) is street-smart and fun-loving. He gatecrashes a wedding for the free food, and Shruti Kakkar (Anushka Sharma), an intelligent and quirky girl who is assisting the wedding coordinator, confronts him. Bittoo pretends that he is part of the film crew and makes a video of Shruti's performance when he sees her dancing at the wedding. The next day, he tries to impress Shruti with a DVD he compiled of her dance at the wedding. Shruti is not interested in flirting and reveals that her main interest is starting her own business and becoming a wedding planner.
Bittoo is under pressure from his father to come back to the village and work on the family sugarcane fields; Shruti is being coaxed into getting married as soon as possible by her relatives. After her exams are over, Shruti makes a deal with her parents that she has five years to get her business up and running before they arrange a marriage for her. When Bittoo's father comes to take him back to his village, Bittoo lies that he cannot come back because he is starting a wedding planning business. He goes to Shruti with the idea of becoming her partner in her business, but she refuses, because she is worried that a partnership might lead to a romantic complication between them. She tells Bittoo that the number one rule of business is not to let love get in the way.
Shruti, with Bittoo tagging along, goes to meet Chanda Narang, a famous wedding planner, in the hopes that Chanda will hire her. Chanda shows no interest in Shruti but loses one of her male workers at that very moment and offers Bittoo the job. Bittoo accepts on the condition that he and Shruti are hired together. On the job, Shruti learns quickly that Chanda has exceptionally bad work ethics, cheats her clients with elaborate speeches but delivers nothing according to their wishes. When a client confronts Chanda, she blames Shruti. Bittoo angrily defends Shruti and the two of them quit and walk out together. They form their own company, Shruti's original idea of Shaadi Mubaarak (Congratulations on the Wedding). The begin with small, low-budget projects and gradually work their way up. They finally get their first big client by stealing them away from Chanda. The wedding is a huge success and that night they celebrate, ending up drunk and then having sex. Afterwards, Bittoo lies awake all night, worried, since Shruti had warned against this.
Bittoo starts behaving awkwardly around her, while Shruti realizes she has fallen in love with him. Shruti tries to reassure Bitto that she's not like other girls he fools around with. Bittoo is relieved, but misunderstands her words, and believes that she's telling him their night of passion didn't mean anything to her as well. He is relieved and cites her own rule that love should not get in the way of business. Shruti pretends to agree with him, but is despondent and heartbroken. She consoles herself and tries to act normally, but her resentment for Bittoo keeps increasing. This creates a tense atmosphere, eventually leading to a huge fight after the wedding of one of their clients. Shruti breaks the partnership, forcing Bittoo to leave the company. Bittoo starts his own wedding planning business called "Happy Wedding". However, they both perform terribly by themselves and both end up suffering huge losses, plunging them into debt.
They finally get a big contract, but it is contingent upon them working together. Facing debt collectors, they agree to partner up again one final time for the sake of recovering their losses. They divvy up the workload, eventually falling back into their old rhythm. The next day, Bittoo tells Shruti that they should be partners again. Shruti refuses his offer, telling him that she is getting married to her fiance, Chetan, and will move to Dubai. Bittoo is stunned and pesters her during the rest of the wedding preparations, coming up with various excuses why she shouldn't marry Chetan. As a last resort, he accuses her of her wanting to getting married to exact revenge on him. Shruti angrily answers Bittoo that she is doing it for her parents and because Chetan is right for her, and admits that she did fall in love with him, but since he didn't feel the same, she has moved on.
Bittoo realizes that he has been in love with Shruti all along, but was too scared to acknowledge the feelings he had for her. Desperate to win her back, Bittoo calls Chetan, telling him to bugger off as he loves Shruti. Hearing this, Shruti angrily confronts Bittoo. He tells Shruti that he was an idiot to have run away from her love, but also playfully chides her, asking why she couldn't have taught him true love the way she taught him the ropes of the business world. Shruti calls Chetan and calls off her engagement to Chetan and Shruti and Bittoo, together at last, share a kiss.
The film ends with Shruti and Bittoo dancing at their own wedding with all the clientele, friends and family to the tune of "Ainvayi Ainvayi".


QUESTIONS
q: What kind of busiiness do they start?
a: ['wedding planning']

q: What is the guys name?
a: ['Bittoo Sharma', 'Bittoo']

q: What is the girls name?
a: ['Shruti', 'Shruti Kakkar']

