PARAGRAPH
An gorilla space alien in a diver's helmet wipes out the Earth's entire population except for one family. Then spends the entire film looking to find the last Earth family. And talking to his 'great leader' for instructions, "I must recalculate!") on how to progress in the final conquest of the Earth. "Ro-man" the alien seems to become smitten with the last young Earth female. But there are NO robots in this film. Some bad dinosaur file footage is used.---------------------
Written by KrystelClaire:In 3-D.A child called Johnny (Gregory Moffett) plays austronaut, and he "disintegrates" his sister Carla (Pamela Paulson). She wants to play house instead. John makes bubbles. They go to a cave to find their father Roy (George Nader) and the Professor (John Mylong) thinks that there are no aliens. Mother (Selena Royale) and Alice (Claudia Barrett) arrive and take the children for a picnic. Johnny goes to the cave and some lightning makes him faint. Suddenly, two monster alligators and two dinosaurs fight.From the cave, an alien gorilla appears among plenty of bubbles. It's Ro-Man (George Barrows) who asks for Great Guidance (John Brown)'s advice. Beings like Ro-Man destroyed all life in Earth except for this family of six people. Great Guidance wants Ro-Man to kill them all. The aliens have gorillas' bodies, wear space helmetsMother tells Johnny off. He mentions that he saw Ro-Man in the cave. The Professor doesn't understand why Ro-Man is so close to them: no army has found his weak spot, but Alice wants to find that. Great Guidance threatens to kill the remaining survivors. Roy and Professor are looking for a serum which will help with all illnesses, even cold. Alice is the real scientist here. Ro-Man attacks them.Professor tries to reason with Ro-Man to have pity on them. They tell him that they want peace with honour. Ro-Man wants to talk with Alice, not with Professor. Alice finally accepts to meet Ro-Man. Roy doesn't want Alice to meet Ro-Man. Johnny meets Ro-Man instead of Alice. Ro-Mans attacked human as a preventive war, the same as Bush, before humanity became too strong to be defeated. Johnny speaks about the serum. Ro-Man will prepare some anti-biotics and threatens with his fist.Roy saves Alice from Ro-Man, who falls in love with Alice. Ro-Man encounters sweet Carla in the middle of a prairie and takes her with him. Ro-Man tells Great Guidance that he's caught Carla and he will eat her for breakfast. Great Guidance wants Ro-Man to kill them all. He catches Alice kissing somebody. There is a weird punch fight and Ro-Man pushes the young man from a cliff. Roy and Mother find Carla's dead body. Ro-Man tells Alice that he will take her to his cave. Professor tells Roy that Ro-Man has taken Alice when they are burying Carla. Ro-Man wants Alice to treat him like a man and tries to rape her. Great Guidance interrupts them. Roy and Mother phone Ro-Man. Ro-Man tells them to surrender later. He ties Alice up. Great Guidance is making bubbles again, and tells Ro-Man to destroy the other as he's destroyed the girl. Ro-Man wants to change the plan, but Great Guidance tells him that, if he disobeys him, he'll become a man, so that he should hurry up and kill everybody. Johnny lures Ro-Man outside, while his parents rescue Alice. Great Guidance kills Ro-Man with a lightning while he was strangling Johnny because he thought that Ro-Man was becoming human. Assorted kids of dinosaurs appear out of the blue and start fighting one another.There is an earthquake. Professor brings Johnny alive and well. Mother, Carla, Professor, Roy, Johnny... they are all alive. The family thinks that Johnny has dreamed everything, but in the cave behind them, Ro-Man appears when they have already gone and surreally attacks the camera three times.


QUESTIONS
q: How does the Great Guidance attempt to finish the genocide by releasing prehistoric dinosaurs and what else?
a: ['A massive earthquake on the remaining survivors.', 'Monster alligators.']

q: Who strangles Carla?
a: ['Ro-Man']

q: Who must complete the destruction of all humans?
a: ['Ro-Man']

q: Who is referred in the movie as  just Ro-Man?
a: ['Ro-Man', 'Evil Moon robot Ro-Man Extension XJ-2']

q: Who is Alice?
a: ['A scientist that Ro-Man falls in love with.', "Scientist's eldest daughter"]

q: How many people have developed an immunity to Ro Man's death ray?
a: ['eight']

q: When Ro-Man raises his arms threateningly, where does he rush out of?
a: ['a cave', 'rushes out of a cave']

q: What did Johnny wake up from?
a: ['to find it was all a dream', 'from a concussion-induced fever dream']

