PARAGRAPH
Sun-jae (Kim Hye-soo) leaves her unfaithful husband, Sung-joon (Lee Eol), and moves into an old apartment with her daughter, Tae-su (Park Yeon-ah). During Sun-jae's return home, she takes a pair of hot pink high heels she found in a subway car, only to discover that they are cursed. Her obsession grows, arousing envy and greed with mysterious, nightmarish visions. Even Tae-su and one of Sun-jae's friends, Kim Mi-hee (Go Soo-hee), fall victim to the power of the shoes, resulting in hysteria and theft. Mi-hee dies soon after she takes the shoes, and the shoes return to Tae-su(possibly inferring that she could be the reincarnation of Keiko).
With the help of her new boyfriend, In-cheol (Kim Sung-soo), Sun-jae tries to uncover the mystery behind the pink shoes before it kills her and Tae-su. She discovers that although the original owner of the shoes escape harm, the person who takes them will die with their feet chopped off. The mystery leads to an old woman who lives in a basement below Sun-jae. The old woman refuses to disclose any information, and they chase after her in the parking lot. She identifies Sun-jae as Oki, which confuses Sun-jae. It is revealed that in her youth during the last years of the Japanese occupation of Korea, the old woman was a servant for a young, prominent dancer named Keiko. Keiko, who was the daughter of a high-ranking officer, was blessed with pink shoes from her lover. Unfortunately, Keiko's rival named Oki was jealous of her talents and wanted the shoes for herself. She paid the old woman with a scarf to steal the shoes away from Keiko. Though she succeeded in stealing the shoes for Oki, the old woman watched her and Keiko fight over them at the photo shoot for a ballet advertisement. Then one night, Keiko witnessed her lover and Oki having sex. When she slapped him out of betrayal and grief, Oki grabbed a weapon and viciously attacked her. Using the weapon, she killed Keiko and her unborn child, dumping her in an unmarked grave. She wasn't aware that the old woman had watched Keiko's murder unfold and laughed as she took the shoes for herself. Feeling guilt and grief for cheating on Keiko, the man attacks Oki in retaliation. Keiko's ghost then got her revenge on both the man and Oki, leading to their deaths. The old woman warns Sun-jae the same fate that will befall her if she doesn't return the pink shoes to Keiko at once.
At Keiko's gravesite, Sun-jae returns the pink shoes to her, hoping this will end the haunting she has been tormented with. Later on, she visits In-cheol only to discover he has found out that she killed her husband. She tries to deny it, but when she learns that Tae-su told him the truth, she hurries home to try to kill her. Sun-jae chases Tae-su to the subway station tracks in an attempt to kill her, but at the last second, she moves her daughter away from the train. Tae-su seemingly disappears from her. While attempting to find her, Sun-jae is then confronted by the ghost of Keiko, who tells her the haunting truth. It is revealed that Sun-jae is the reincarnation of Oki. Sun-jae denies it claiming she has the wrong woman. However, Keiko reveals she's known the truth and taunts her by laughing continuously. She shows how Sun-jae murdered her husband, her best friend, Mi-hee, her boyfriend In-cheol, and attempted to kill her own daughter, Tae-su. As Sun-jae tries to escape, she is then face to face with a deformed Keiko who finally claims her.
The scene transitions to 1944 when Keiko is dancing proudly in her pink shoes during rehearsals. The last scene reveals Tae-su practicing her ballet skills in her mother's bedroom.


QUESTIONS
q: Is this a romance movie?
a: ['No']

q: What is the profession of Julian?
a: ['No Anwer']

q: What is the subject of the movie?
a: ['Horror']

q: Who is the director?
a: ['Kim Yong-gyun']

q: Who convinces Vicky to dance again?
a: ['Lermontov']

