PARAGRAPH
In Britain, in the spring of 1944, Allied forces are preparing for the D-Day invasion. Among them are Major John Reisman (Lee Marvin), an OSS officer; his commander, Regular Army Major General Sam Worden (Ernest Borgnine); and his former commander Colonel Everett Dasher Breed (Robert Ryan). Early in the film, the personalities of the three men are shown to clash and the characters of the individualistic Reisman and the domineering Breed are established. Reisman is aided by his friend, the mild-mannered Major Max Armbruster (George Kennedy).
Major Reisman is assigned an unusual and top-secret mission, code-named Operation Amnesty. He is to select a small band of the Army's worst convicts and turn them into commandos to be sent on a virtual suicide mission, the airborne infiltration and assault on a château near Rennes in Brittany. The chateau will be hosting a meeting of dozens of high-ranking German officers, the elimination of whom will hamper the German military's ability to respond to D-Day by disrupting the chain of command. Those who survive the mission will be pardoned and returned to active duty at their former ranks. However, as Reisman repeatedly tells the men, few of them will be coming back from this one.
Reisman is assigned 12 convicts (the 'Dirty Dozen'), all either serving lengthy sentences or awaiting execution. Notable members include slow-witted Vernon Pinkley (Donald Sutherland); Robert Jefferson (Jim Brown), an African American soldier convicted of killing a man in self defense; Samson Posey (Clint Walker), a gentle giant who becomes enraged when pushed, convicted of accidentally killing a man who purposely shoved him; Joseph Wladislaw (Charles Bronson) a taciturn coal miner recruited for his ability to speak German, a battlefield-commissioned former officer convicted of shooting his platoon's medic; A.J. Maggot (Telly Savalas), a misogynist, religious fanatic, and probably insane soldier convicted of raping and beating a woman to death; and Victor Franko (John Cassavetes), a former member of the Chicago organized-crime syndicate who has extreme problems with authority, convicted of robbing and killing an elderly man for two pounds and ten shillings (ten dollars in US money).
Under the supervision of Reisman and MP Sergeant Bowren (Richard Jaeckel), the group begins training. After being forced to construct their own living quarters, the 12 men are trained in combat by Reisman and gradually learn how to operate as a group. For parachute training, they are sent to the base operated by Colonel Breed. Under strict orders to keep their mission secret, Reisman's men run afoul of Breed and his troops, especially after Pinkley poses as a general and inspects Breed's troops. Angered at the usurpation of his authority, Breed attempts to discover Reisman's mission by having two of his men attack Wladislaw in the latrine, but they are both knocked out by Posey and Jefferson.
The 12 men think Reisman sent them until Breed and his men investigate the Dirty Dozen's camp, and recognize the two men who jumped Wladislaw in the latrine. Reisman, who had been away when Breed and his paratroopers arrived, infiltrates his own post and opens fire on the paratroops as the convicts jump them. They disarm the paratroops, Colonel Breed is ordered to take his men and leave, and Major Reisman is called on the carpet by General Worden and his chief of staff, Brigadier General Denton.
Denton, siding with Breed, insists that Reisman has exceeded his authority and urges General Worden to terminate Operation Amnesty. Reisman rises ferociously to the defense of his men, pointing out they had crammed six months of training into as many weeks and deserved a chance to prove themselves. Major Armbruster suggests a test that would show whether Reisman's men are ready. During practice maneuvers in which Breed will be taking part, the "Dirty Dozen" will attempt to capture the Colonel's headquarters. During the maneuvers, the men use various unorthodox tactics, including theft, impersonation, and rule-breaking, to infiltrate Breed's headquarters and hold his men and him at gunpoint. This proves to General Worden that Reisman's men can be used for the mission and that the operation is a go.
The night of the raid, the men are flown to France, and practice a rhyme they have learned which details their roles in the operation. A slight snag occurs, when upon landing in a tree, one of the dozen, Jiminez (Trini Lopez), breaks his neck and dies, but as trained, the others proceed with the mission. Wladislaw and Reisman infiltrate the meeting disguised as German officers, while Jefferson and Maggott sneak onto the top floor of the building. The others set up in various locations around the chateau.
The plan falls apart when Maggott sees one of the women who had accompanied the officers, abducts her at knifepoint, and orders her to scream. The German officers downstairs ignore her, thinking she is just having sex. Maggott stabs her and begins shooting wildly at enemy and ally alike, alerting the German officers. Jefferson kills Maggott because he has compromised the mission and evidently gone mad.
As the officers and their companions retreat to an underground bomb shelter, a firefight ensues between the Dirty Dozen and the chateau's guard force. As planned, Wladislaw and Reisman lock the Germans in the bomb shelter, then pry open the ventilation ducts to the shelter, drop unprimed grenades down, then pour gasoline inside. Jefferson throws a live grenade down each shaft and sprints for the stolen half-track the team has "liberated," but is shot down as the grenades explode. Reisman, Bowren, Wladislaw and Franko, the remaining survivors of the assault team, are making their escape when Franko, shouting triumphantly that he has survived, is shot by a stray round. Only Reisman, Bowren and Wladislaw manage to get out alive.
A voiceover from Armbruster confirms that General Worden exonerated the surviving members of the Dirty Dozen, and communicated to the next of kin of the rest that "they died in the line of duty".
The film unfolds in three major acts.
Act One – Identification and "Recruiting" the Prisoners[edit]
After witnessing a hanging in a military prison in London, Major Reisman is briefed on the mission at General Worden's headquarters. As the credits to the film are rolling, he walks along the line of 12 prisoners and stares at each of them as Sergeant Bowren (Richard Jaeckel) reads out their sentences.


Name
Portrayed by
Sentence


Franko, V. R.
John Cassavetes
Death by hanging


Vladek, M.
Tom Busby
30 years' hard labor


Jefferson, R. T.
Jim Brown
Death by hanging


Pinkley, V. L.
Donald Sutherland
30 years' imprisonment


Gilpin, S.
Ben Carruthers
30 years' hard labor


Posey, S.
Clint Walker
Death by hanging


Wladislaw, T.
Charles Bronson
Death by hanging


Sawyer, S. K.
Colin Maitland
20 years' hard labor


Lever, R.
Stuart Cooper
20 years' imprisonment


Bravos, T. R.
Al Mancini
20 years' hard labor


Jiminez, J. P.
Trini Lopez
20 years' hard labor


Maggott, A. J.
Telly Savalas
Death by hanging
On March 19, Reisman visits Franko, Wladislaw, Maggott, Posey and Jefferson in their cells. Some details of their crimes are revealed and he uses a different approach with each in an effort to gain their cooperation.
Act Two – Training[edit]
Depicting the unit building their own compound and training for the mission, it highlights the interpersonal conflicts between the men, some of whom see the mission as a chance for redemption and others as a chance for escape. The second act places the mission, and the characters, in jeopardy when a breach of military regulations on Reisman's part forces General Worden, at Breed's urging, to have the men — now dubbed the "Dirty Dozen" by Sergeant Bowren because of their refusal to shave or bathe as a protest against their living conditions — prove their worth as soldiers at 'divisional maneuvers', a wargame in "Devonshire". With respect to the time period of the training, Reisman indicates before the wargames his men have trained for six weeks.
Act Three – The Mission[edit]
The final act, which was a mere footnote in the novel, is an action sequence detailing the attack on the chateau on the night of June 5, just before the D-Day invasion on June 6. The men recite the details of the attack in a rhyming chant to help them remember their roles:

Down to the road block, we've just begun.
The guards are through.
The Major's men are on a spree.
Major and Wladislaw go through the door.
Pinkley stays out in the drive.
The Major gives the rope a fix.
Wladislaw throws the hook to heaven.
Jiminez has got a date.
The other guys go up the line.
Sawyer and Gilpen are in the pen.
Posey guards Points Five and Seven.
Wladislaw and the Major go down to delve.
Franko goes up without being seen.
Zero Hour: Jimenez cuts the cable; Franko cuts the phone.
Franko goes in where the others have been.
We all come out like it's Halloween.
Note: When Jimenez dies, his duties are performed by Gilpin. In turn, Gilpin's duties are performed by Lever. In the field, the poem is modified to read, "8. Gilpin's got a date," and "14. Zero Hour: Gilpin cuts the cable; Franko cuts the phone."


QUESTIONS
q: What is WWII Army Major Reisman asked to lead?
a: ['Reisman']

q: What does Reisman deprive the men of for shaving?
a: ['Operation Amnesty']

q: Who develops the chant so the men will not forget their orders?
a: ['Reisman']

q: Where is gasoline poured?
a: ['ventilation ducts to the shelter']

q: How many convicts are asked to volunteer in return of full pardons?
a: ['12 convicts']

q: Where does Jiminez die?
a: ['in a tree']

