PARAGRAPH
Tun and Tao are friends who enjoy spending time together in karaoke bars in Pattaya. Tao has the bad habit, however, of always singing a loud, off-key rendition of the Asanee-Wasan song "Sai Lor Fah" ("Lighting Rod"), which always results in Tao and his friends being thrown out of the club.
Tao is dealer of counterfeit DVDs, but his real vocation is gambling and he frequently bets on Premier League soccer. He finally wins some money and decides to pay back a 100,000 baht loan from Tun and also treat Tun to a big night out at the city's finest karaoke club.
At the club, the shy, portly Tun meets a young woman, Nok, shares a duet with her, and ends up taking her back to his house. The next morning, Nok disappears. It turns out she is the mistress of Mee, a local crime kingpin, and Tao paid her for a one-time deal to sleep with his friend. Tun, a dealer in rare Buddhist amulets, becomes obsessed with finding Nok. He gives the 100,000 baht he received from Tun to a transvestite pimp who might have a lead on Nok.
Tun, meanwhile, is involved with crimes of his own, and has become beholden to Mee and a rival kingpin, Moo, who are both interested in obtaining a rare amulet that Tao has in his possession. In a complicated scheme, Tao ends up perpetuating the kidnapping of a wealthy American man's daughter, and holding her for 3 million baht ransom. Also, a shadowy female assassin has entered the picture to complicate matters.


QUESTIONS
q: After winning some money, Tao decides to pay back a loan from who?
a: ['Tun']

q: What does Tao frequently bet on?
a: ['Premier League soccer']

q: How much is Tao asking in ransom for the American man's daughter?
a: ['3 million baht ransom']

q: Who is Nok the mistress of?
a: ['Mee']

q: What is the name of the song that Tao insists on singing?
a: ['"Sai Lor Fah"']

q: What is the name of the local kingpin whose mistress is Nok?
a: ['Nok']

q: Tao is a dealer of what?
a: ["Counterfeit DVD's"]

q: Tun is a dealer in what?
a: ['Rare Buddhist amulets']

q: Where do Tun and Tao enjoy spending time together?
a: ['karaoke bars in pattaya']

