PARAGRAPH
Major Cleve "Iceman" Saville (Robert Mitchum), a veteran World War II fighter ace, returns to combat, eager to fly an F-86 Sabre fighter. His commanding officer, Colonel "Dutch" Imil (Richard Egan), assigns him command of a flight.
Among his pilots is a new replacement, talented but brash Lieutenant Ed Pell (Robert Wagner). In their first mission, they encounter a flight of MiG-15 fighter aircraft and Pell abandons his element leader, Lieutenant Corona (John Gabriel), during combat to down an enemy fighter. Corona's aircraft is shot up and he is killed while trying to land his damaged jet fighter. As a result, Saville wants Pell assigned to someone else, but Imil overrules him; Pell was top of his class in flight school and Imil sees him as a younger version of Saville. If anyone can get Pell to grow up, it is the major.
Another pilot under Saville's command, Lieutenant Carl Abbott (Lee Philips), poses a different kind of problem. He lacks confidence in his abilities; his worried wife Kristina (May Britt) asks Saville to watch over him. Saville falls in love with her, and vice versa. Aware of the situation, Abbott offers Saville a deal; his wife in return for the opportunity, if they should run into him, to go one-on-one with "Casey Jones", the most feared enemy ace, whose MiG-15 is marked with "7-11". A disgusted Saville turns him down.
Nevertheless, on a mission soon afterward, Abbott tangles with Casey Jones and is quickly shot down far behind enemy lines. In an ensuing dogfight, Saville manages to shoot down Casey Jones. Low on fuel, Saville orders Pell to return to base, while Saville continues his search for Abbott. Spotting Abbott's parachute, Saville deliberately ditches his aircraft nearby, disobeying standing orders to do everything in his power to get his aircraft back to base. After Saville cuts down an injured Abbott from a tree, they are immediately attacked by a North Korean patrol. Suddenly Pell strafes the North Korean infantrymen and is shot down. The trio then try to make their way through enemy territory to safety.
Along the way, they are assisted by a friendly Korean farmer (Victor Sen Yung) and his family. When a North Korean patrol happens by, the Americans hide, but in their haste, a jacket is left behind and found. As a result, the family members are executed. Saville and Pell avenge the slain family, ambushing and wiping out the patrol, but Saville is shot in the shoulder. Wounded, exhausted, and hungry, the three airmen reach the safety of their lines.
Afterward, Saville and Abbott convalesce in a military hospital. Abbott is to be transferred back to the U.S. to recuperate. His brush with death has changed his priorities; he remorsefully asks Kristina for another chance at their marriage. She decides to go with him. Saville and Kristina say their farewells but Saville is distracted as a squadron of jet fighters passes overhead.


QUESTIONS
q: What character was played by Robert Wagner?
a: ['Lieutenant Ed Pell']

q: What type of squadron die Robert Mitchum join?
a: ['A jet fighter squadron']

