PARAGRAPH
This film takes place during the first half of the events of 'Get Smart'. CONTROL geek techs, Bruce (Masi Oka) and Lloyd (Nate Torrence), have been testing out their latest invention called Optical Camouflage Technology (OCT), aka: an invisibility cloak which they hope will give them recognition. It is first tested out by Agent 91 (Terry Crews) at an exercise mission where he uses it to shoot paintballs at several competing CIA agents, only to have the OCT cloak malfunction. Bruce and Lloyd see the end result and decide, after seeing a passing woman with clothing sticking to her from static electricity, decide to harness it to give the OCT a full 24-hour power charge.At an office party at the R&D; (Research and Development) in the basement of CONTROL where they work, Bruce has the hots for Nina (Jayma Mays) an attractive but dim-witted forensic agent and pathologist, whom he tries to ask her out on a date, but cannot bring himself to do so because she smells so bad from working on and around dead bodies in the morgue. Lloyd has eyes for a mysterious woman, named Isabelle (Marika Dominczyk) who shows up at the party, but no one seems to know where she works at CONTROL.The next day, when Bruce and Lloyd arrive at work, there is a bomb blast that takes out CONTROL Headquarters (featured in the 'Get Smart' movie). Afterwards, the Underchief of CONTROL (Larry Miller) whom is the identical twin of the CIA Chief, arrives to inspect the OCT cloak and when Lloyd reaches into the vault to retrieve it, it is not there. Bruce and Lloyd panic thinking that someone stole it. They both confront their CIA counterparts, Bob and Harry, who deny knowing anything about the invisible cloak. However, Bob and Harry decide to search for the OCT cloak hoping to find it first before Bruce and Lloyd to take the credit.The Underchief calls Lloyd into his office to view a surveillance video of El Presidente (Ruben Garfias), the ruthless dictator of a Latin American country called Maraguay, who puts it on outside the Maraguayan embassy. However, due to the bomb blast at CONTROL and with most of the CONTROL agents compromised, Bruce and Lloyd, with Nina in tow, to try to retrieve the cloak. When they realize that the only two non-compromised agents, Agent 99 and Agent 86 (Maxwell Smart) are on a mission in Russia on their first assignment, Bruce and Lloyd, despite having no field experience whatsoever, must find a way to get into the Maraguayan embassy to steal the OCT cloak back.Back in their lab, Bruce and Lloyd test out their latest creation, a life size android which they name Hymie (Patrick Warburton) hoping to program him to break into the embassy to steal the cloak. But that evening, while they wait in their car, Hymie attempts to break through a window in the building only their plans crashes before they get off the ground when the embassy lawn sprinkler system turns on and Hymie is short-circuited by the water.Meanwhile, it is revealed that Isabelle is indeed a Maraguayan agent who stole the OCT for El Presidente, who now wants Isabelle to kidnap both Bruce and Lloyd by luring them to the embassy. Isabelle's only demand is that a scientist whom was abducted by El Presidente's soldiers 15 years earlier in the opening scene, be released. El Presidente agrees and tells Isabelle that he will be leaving back for Maraguaya hoping to sell the invisibility cloak to KAOS.As Bruce and Lloyd (both of whom room together in a loft) debate on how to break into the Maraguayan embassy, the both have a falling out when Lloyd reveals that he's been making Nina empowering to Bruce by secretly spraying her with an experimental herbal perfume to remove the "morgue stench" that Nina gives off. The following day when the perfume wears off, Bruce cannot hold back and tell Nina how bad she stinks, which makes her refuse to hang out with Bruce anymore. But she eventually returns when she thanks Bruce for his honesty over her 'cadaver stink' and resumes helping Bruce and Lloyd.When they see a surveillance video of the CIA agents attempting to woo Isabelle to gain them access to the embassy, they follow them that evening to a restaurant where Lloyd uses his special hair removal laser to burn off all of Bob's hair allowing them to approach Isabelle who quickly recognizes them and invites them to the Maraguyan embassy. Upon arrival, Nina knocks out Isabelle with sleeping spray and then attempts to use special OCT sunglasses to look for the invisibility cloak, but they are spotted by Maraguyan guards who chase the three of them around the embassy. While hiding, Lloyd gets a phone call from Agent 99 (Anne Hathaway, in a surprise cameo) during her mission in Russia whom is angry that one of Bruce and Lloyd's inventions of a knockout dart gun has resulting in Maxwell Smart shooting himself with it.While hiding, Bruce, Lloyd and Nina are found by Isabelle who forces them at gunpoint to help her recover the OCT cloak for she reveals herself to be the daughter of the abducted Maraguayan scientist and is hoping to use the cloak as a bargaining chip to get her father released. The four of them sneak into El Presidente's bedroom where they succeed in breaking into his safe and stealing back the cloak, and for the four of them to put it around them as they try to sneak out of the embassy. But they are caught by El Presidente himself who tries to kill them only for Lloyd to shoot at the dictator with his super-charged laughing gun that results in El Presidente's death when a mirror, chandelier and the stuffed head of deer antlers fall on him. Afterwards, Isabelle gives them back the OCT cloak and returns to Maraguya to free her father from jail.Bruce and Lloyd receive an award by the Underchief for the safe recovery of the OCT cloak who later goes home and flaunts his success to his twin brother, the CIA Chief. Nina and Bruce decide to go out on a date for the first time, but Lloyd feels left out.In the final scene, Lloyd attempts to talk to the stuffy CONTROL receptionist Judy (Kelly Karbacz), who continues to avoid talking to him, in which he advices her to once in a while be nice to people. As the heavyset Lloyd leans against the marble reception desk, he accidentally knocks it to the ground as he did once earlier in the movie. As Lloyd walks away, Judy cannot help herself but to smile at her own misfortune and at Lloyd himself. (Note: it is nearly impossible to tell if Judy's smirk is intentional, or a last second goof that was overlooked during editing.)Over the closing credits, there are several outtakes and bloopers shown from the movie.


QUESTIONS
q: who stole the invisibility cloak?
a: ['Isabelle']

q: where are agent 99 and agent 86?
a: ['Russia']

q: bruce and lloyd have been testing out what?
a: ['an invisibility cloak']

q: patrick warburton plays hymie, who is what?
a: ['as the android Hymie']

q: who does anne hathaway appear as in a cameo?
a: ['Agent 99']

q: what are shown during the closing credits?
a: ['incorporate bloopers and deleted scenes']

q: who does anne hathaway play?
a: ['Agent 99']

q: maraguayan agent isabelle steals the invisibility cloak for whom?
a: ['El Presidente']

