PARAGRAPH
The film follows the lives of three London sisters and their family over five days, a long Guy Fawkes Night weekend in November.[2][3] Waitress Nadia (McKee), "shy, with a backpack and her hair in girlish twists",[2] spends all her time going on blind dates with rubbish men from personal ads, while her hairdresser sister Debbie (Henderson) struggles to raise her 11-year-old son without much help from his irresponsible father (Hart). Meanwhile, Molly (Parker) is pregnant but her husband Eddie (Simm) has left his job without telling her.
Eileen (Markham) and Bill (Shepherd), their parents, are virtually estranged since the departure of their eldest son Darren (Enzo Cilenti), who they have not heard from since he left home; having left he is the only happy one in the family.[2] Eileen takes her silent frustrations out on the neighbour's barking dog, poisoning it when it prevents her from sleeping.
Franklin (David Fahm) is an over-sensitive man who frequents the coffee house where Nadia works. He is unable to summon the courage to talk to her, instead listening to music he thinks she would like alone in his bedroom. Nadia sleeps with one of her dates, but is then rejected by him.[4] Molly and Eddie (Simm) have a fight when she discovers he has left his job and he leaves. She goes into labour believing he has permanently left her, but he has really had an accident on his motorbike. After Debbie's son is mugged when his father leaves him alone, she resolves to keep them apart. Darren finally calls to let his family know that he is fine and Franklin has enough courage to talk to Nadia. Molly and Eddie are reunited at hospital after the birth of their daughter Alice, a name Eddie selected because of Alice in Wonderland.


QUESTIONS
q: Which two detectives initially investigate the murders?
a: ['Plot describes Wonderland made in 1999. Question are related to Wonderland made in 2003.']

q: What date does the robbery take place?
a: ['Within 5 days of November 5th']

q: Who serves as lookout during the robbery?
a: ['Plot describes Wonderland made in 1999. Question are related to Wonderland made in 2003.']

q: Who accidentally fires his gun?
a: ['Plot describes Wonderland made in 1999. Question are related to Wonderland made in 2003.']

q: Who is unhappy with the cut they're given?
a: ['Plot describes Wonderland made in 1999. Question are related to Wonderland made in 2003.']

