PARAGRAPH
When Officer Derek Washington [Ron Hall], LAPD special division, meets up with a
vampire and makes the mistake of putting that fact into his report, he is
placed on administrative lead and told to take a long vacation. However, Derek
was right. Gustoff Slovak [Mel Novak] is, indeed, a vampire. Once a vampire hunter, Slovak
made the mistake of tasting a vampire's blood, which turned him into the very
thing he hunted. Derek is on a mission to destroy Slovak.Fortunately, Derek has Samantha Morris [Merry Everest], editor of an Internet magazine
that "explores the news most media shy away from" on his side. When Derek is
about to be carved up by two of Slovak's vampires, it is Samantha who breaks in
and sets him loose, and it is Samantha who introduces him to Master Kao [Gerald Okamura],
vampire hunter and master of the martial arts. It is Kao who helps Derek hone
his fighting skills.When Derek tries to confront Slovak, the police are called, and Derek ends
up being taken down to headquarters. Derek tries to convince Captain Hall [Eric Von Kritlow] that
Slovak is a vampire, but Hall doesn't believe him. Hall should have listened.
When he orders Derek to apologize to Slovak, Derek kicks Slovak in the balls.
Slovak changes into a vampire and bites everyone in the room. He then corners
Derek in a dark room and bites him, too.Derek is turning into a vampire, but not totally...yet. He storms Slovak's
house again, killing a bunch of vampires. Some other vampire hunters show up.
Their vampirometer shows that Derek is at 70% vampire, so they try to destroy
him, but Derek kills them first. Some big vampire wearing tattered clothes and
yelling "Argh!" attacks Derek, but Derek bests him, too.Meanwhile, Kao is fighting vampires that have invaded the house looking
for Cassandra. Turns out that Kao was trained as a vampire hunter by Slovak
himself, but Kao chose not to follow Slovak when he went vampire. Slovak bites
Kao. Derek comes home to find Kao injured, and Kao begs Derek to destroy him.
Derek stabs Kao then burns his body.The last half hour of the movie has Derek fighting just about everyone
else in the movie -- vampires, vampire hunters, friends, relatives, and police,
until Slovak shows up with Cassandra and hitches her to some sort of machine.
When there is no one left except Slovak and Derek, they have at each other.
Slovak stabs Derek, which causes Derek to sprout his vampire teeth. Derek rips
open the curtains, letting the sun stream in. Slovak slumps, and Derek finishes
him off. Derek carries Cassandra out and tells her to let the world know that
vampires are very real, then he goes off into the nowhere, calling himself the
"first vampire assassin."


QUESTIONS
q: Whom is the vampire?
a: ['Slovak']

q: What must the protagonist become?
a: ['Vampire']

