PARAGRAPH
THE BOOK OF ROSEMARY: The first part opens with Rosemary and Adrian, her child, who is now approximately age 8. They are living in a large mansion with the coven, headed by Roman and Minnie Castavet. Rosemary acts as a mother but in secret she tries to undo all the brainwashing that the coven has done. She tells Adrian his real name is Andrew, and that he should not believe all the things the coven tells him. We see the coven preparing for a ritual, only to discover that Adrian is missing from his room. Knowing Rosemary must be responsible for this, they use some of her personal possessions to enable the forces of evil to find her. We then see Rosemary and Adrian hiding in a synagogue for shelter. While hiding there, strange supernatural things begin to happen around the rabbis. But since they're in a house of God, the coven still can't get to them. Adrian tries to run outside, influenced by the cult, but Rosemary removes her crucifix pendant and puts it around Adrian's neck. The crucifix burns a permanent scar into his flesh. The next morning, Guy, who is now a famous movie star, gets a call from Roman. Roman informs Guy that both Rosemary and Adrian are missing and that she might try to contact him soon. Later that night, the bus carrying Rosemary and Adrian stops at a rest stop. Rosemary makes a phone call to Guy while Adrian plays with his toy car nearby. As soon as Guy answers the phone, Rosemary immediately tells him she wants him to send her money followed by her instructions. Outside, some nearby kids start teasing Adrian and picking on him by stealing his toy car. Suddenly, in a fit of rage, Adrian's eyes flash red and two of the children fall unconscious to the ground. After hearing all the noise, Rosemary drops the phone and runs to get Adrian. Trying to run away, they bump into Marjean, a prostitute who saw the whole thing and offers them to hide in her trailer. After a little while, Rosemary asks Marjean to go see what had happened out there. Investigating further, Marjean hears chanting voices calling her name from the telephone where Rosemary was just making her call to Guy. It's Roman and the coven working some kind of magic. After Marjean comes back, she lies and tells Rosemary that Adrian killed the two boys outside. Something is now different about Marjean, and she's being controlled by the coven. She offers to help Rosemary find a bus where she can escape with Adrian. After a bus finally arrives later that night, Rosemary gets trapped inside. The doors somehow slam shut behind her before Adrian can get on. Rosemary then turns to the driver, only to discover that there is no driver at all. The bus is possessed and is actually driving itself! We then see Marjean holding Adrian in her arms as he sees his mother for the last time being taken away by the bus.THE BOOK OF ADRIAN: Fast-forward twenty something years later. Our first look at an adult Adrian is of him with his best friend, Peter, being pulled over by cops for speeding. When the police catch up to them, Peter slides over into the driver's seat and takes the ticket instead of Adrian. Peter and Adrian return to Adrian's home, which is his "Aunt" Marjean's cheap casino. Adrian is apparently a rock singer and performs in a live band showcased at the casino. Peter asks him when they're going to "split" the casino for a different environment, and he suggests San Francisco. It is clear, however, that Marjean does not want Adrian to leave. She confronts him about his reckless behavior and tells him that she's always worried about him ever since his parents were "killed in an automobile accident". While they talk, Adrian stares at the crucifix pendant, the one that belonged to Rosemary. He seems to not have many memories of his childhood, but the crucifix reminds him of his mother. Roman explains in voiceovers that the coven is still anxiously awaiting when Adrian's dormant powers will rise to the surface and he will assume his role as the son of Satan, apparently bringing about some kind of apocalypse or revolution. They are waiting for him to commit an act of evil, but Peter seems to sense this conflict in Adrian and encourages him to break away from his familiar surroundings and start a new life dedicated to doing good. Adrian decides to go take a joy ride and recklessly gets into a fight with a gang of violent bikers, striking them down telepathically just like he did the children who bullied him when he was young. After Peter comes looking for him, Adrian tells him what happened and how he's been suffering from strange nightmares and violent urges. Later that night, Roman and Minnie arrive at the casino to prepare for Adrian's birthday party. Minnie drugs Adrian into unconsciousness and dresses him up into a costume and devil makeup. Peter, who notices something is wrong, becomes even more suspicious when he sees Guy Woodhouse arriving. After Guy and Roman join the rest of the coven, they begin to chant to Satan to appear to them. They get no immediate reaction and Adrian remains comatose. As the coven begins to lose hope, Adrian suddenly becomes possessed and runs out on the casino's dance floor. Roman soon realizes that Satan is using Adrian to possess all the innocent people on the dance floor. Peter catches on and tries to disconnect the band's loudspeakers, but it does no good. When Peter spots him, Guy soon becomes frightened and runs away. Peter catches up to him in the parking lot and tries to get him to help Adrian. But Guy panics when Peter struggles with him and electrocutes him with a fallen power line. Inside the casino, Adrian suddenly sees the image of Peter in a Christ-like pose, which seems to break the demonic spell.THE BOOK OF ANDREW: When Adrian wakes up, he's in a hospital and has amnesia. A nurse named Ellen tells him his name is Adrian, but he says his name is Andrew because he remembers his mother used to call him that. Ellen tells him that Marjean and Peter are both dead, a result of a cataclysmic event that happened the night of the party. Adrian lapsed into a coma that night and has been institutionalized ever since. Adrian tries to leave but is caught and restrained, and Ellen explains that Adrian is being held as a prisoner; Adrian's fingerprints were found on the downed power line that was used to kill Peter. Memories of that night come back to Adrian in nightmares, spurred on by two objects: the crucifix pendant that Rosemary gave Adrian, and a cigarette lighter that belonged to Guy Woodhouse. Adrian remembers finding Guy's cigarette lighter next to Peter's body in the parking lot. Not knowing if Ellen will believe him or not, he is hesitant about telling her what he remembers about the cult. Fortunately, Ellen does believe him and helps him escape. When Guy hears about Andrew's escape from the hospital, he fears Andrew might come after him and kill him in a fit of rage. Roman and Minnie visit Guy and explain Adrian's sudden relapse from his coma; the coven has some kind of plan for him. Although they realize now they cannot control Adrian the way they had hoped, there is something they need from him before they can be finished with him forever. They seem to be asking Guy to get rid of Adrian once he has fulfilled their purposes, but Guy is hesitant to agree, as he fears Adrian. Meanwhile, Adrian and Ellen take shelter at a motel. Ellen seems genuinely interested in Adrian, but after she gives him a glass of drugged wine, she confesses to him that she is coven member herself. Emerging from the bathroom in a sexy red negligee, she reveals the coven's plan: they will start over again with a new baby, a girl, who will be raised to be an even better vessel for Satan's child than Rosemary was. Ellen uses makeup to black out the crucifix scar on Adrian's chest and she has sex with him. When Andrew later wakes up and goes outside looking for Ellen, a speeding car comes right for him out of nowhere. Andrew manages to get out of the way, but Ellen is the one who gets run over instead. When the car finally crashes to a stop, Andrew discovers that Guy, who is now dead, was the driver of the car trying to kill him. Confused and scared, Andrew runs away into the night.The film finishes with Roman and Minnie sitting in the waiting room of a hospital. They bemoan the fact that they lost control of Adrian, but that they look forward to their "new beginning". The doctor then informs them that their "granddaughter" is well and that her pregnancy should continue as normal. The camera reveals that the pregnant girl is none other than Ellen herself. We then see Ellen giving birth to Adrian's baby during the end credits.


QUESTIONS
q: What is Adrian playing with while Rosemary calls Guy from the bus stop?
a: ['a toy car']

q: Where do Andrew and Ellen stop, after being on the run?
a: ['A hotel', 'rest stop']

q: What do the coven members use to locate Rosemary?
a: ['Telephone and magic']

q: Who are detained by the police?
a: ['Adrian and Peter']

q: Who drugs Adrian?
a: ['Minnie']

q: What did the killer use against Peter?
a: ['Fallen power line']

q: Who alongwith Minnie sitting in the waiting room?
a: ['Roman']

q: Who arrives at the casino pretending to be Adrian's aunt and uncle?
a: ['Minnie and Roman', 'Peter']

q: Who is seen giving birth to Andrew's baby?
a: ['Ellen']

q: What is Ellen a member of?
a: ['the coven', 'drive']

q: Where does Adrian regain consciousness?
a: ['In the hospital']

q: Who gets hit by the car?
a: ['Ellen', 'Adrian']

q: Where does Marjean offer to hide Rosemary and Adrian?
a: ['in her trailer']

q: Who lies to Rosemary?
a: ['Marjean']

q: Who holds Adrian in her arms as he sees his mother for the last time?
a: ['Marjean']

q: What movie star arrives?
a: ['Guy Woodhouse']

q: What is the name of the prostitute who witnesses Adrian knock the children unconscious?
a: ['Marjean']

q: Where do Rosemary and Adrian take shelter?
a: ['In a synagogue']

q: Why is Adrian suspected by the police?
a: ['speed drive', 'Because he ran away from the car with dead Guy']

